1. In your `application.properties` file, you can use a simpler configuration:

```properties
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:mysql://rauli-mysql-dev-sand:12691/defaultdb
spring.datasource.username=avnadmin
spring.datasource.password=your_password_here
spring.datasource.driver-class-name=com.mysql.cj.jdbc.Driver

spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=update
spring.jpa.show-sql=true
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect=org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL8Dialect
```

Replace `your_password_here` with the actual password for the `avnadmin` user.

2. You don't need to download or configure any SSL certificates.

3. Make sure you have the MySQL connector dependency in your `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>mysql</groupId>
    <artifactId>mysql-connector-java</artifactId>
    <scope>runtime</scope>
</dependency>
```

This simplified setup should allow your Spring Boot application to connect to the MySQL database in the same way that MySQL Workbench is connecting.

Remember to never commit the `application.properties` file with the actual password to version control. For production use, it's better to use environment variables or a secure configuration management system to handle sensitive information.

##################
To create a new user using the POST method at http://localhost:8080/api/users with Postman, you should include a JSON object in the request body that matches the structure of your User entity. Based on the User.java file you provided earlier, here's what you should include in the body:

1. Open Postman and create a new POST request to http://localhost:8080/api/users

2. In the request headers, make sure you have:

   ```
   Content-Type: application/json
   ```

3. In the request body, select "raw" and choose "JSON" from the dropdown. Then, enter a JSON object like this:

```json
{
  "username": "exampleuser",
  "email": "user@example.com"
}
```

You don't need to include the `userId` field because it's automatically generated by the database.

4. Your Postman setup should look something like this:

   - Method: POST
   - URL: http://localhost:8080/api/users
   - Headers: Content-Type: application/json
   - Body (raw, JSON):
     ```json
     {
       "username": "exampleuser",
       "email": "user@example.com"
     }
     ```

5. Click "Send" to make the request.

If your backend is set up correctly, this should create a new user in your database and return the created user object, including the newly assigned `userId`.

Remember, the exact fields you need to include may vary if you've made any changes to your User entity. Always make sure the JSON structure in your request matches the expected input of your API endpoint.

###############

To cross-check the newly created user in MySQL Workbench, you can follow these steps:

1. Open MySQL Workbench and connect to your database.

2. Once connected, you'll want to query the `users` table. Here's how:

   a. In the query editor, type the following SQL command:

   ```sql
   SELECT * FROM users;
   ```

   b. Click the lightning bolt icon or press Ctrl+Enter (Cmd+Enter on Mac) to execute the query.

3. This will show you all rows in the `users` table. You should see your newly created user with the details you provided in Postman.

4. If you want to find a specific user, you can use a WHERE clause. For example:

   ```sql
   SELECT * FROM users WHERE username = 'exampleuser';
   ```

   Replace 'exampleuser' with the username you used when creating the user.

5. You can also check for the most recently added user:

   ```sql
   SELECT * FROM users ORDER BY userId DESC LIMIT 1;
   ```

   This assumes `userId` is auto-incrementing.

6. If you want to see the structure of the `users` table, you can use:
   ```sql
   DESCRIBE users;
   ```
   This will show you all columns in the table and their data types.

Remember, the exact table name might be different if you've specified a custom name in your `@Table` annotation in the User entity. If you didn't specify a custom name, it should default to "users" (lowercase).

By executing these queries, you can verify that:

1. The user was indeed created in the database.
2. The data matches what you sent in the Postman request.
3. The `userId` was automatically generated.

This process allows you to directly confirm that your API endpoint is correctly interacting with the database and creating new user records as expected.
